feat: document support for OIDC in the appliance (#120)
canonical/anbox-cloud-docs: howto/install-appliance/enable-oidc.md

> (howto-appliance-enable-oidc)=

Reviewer: Should this be under `howto/install-appliance`? If this is a mandatory step of the installation, I would say yes. However, it seems like an optional provision for users who would like to enable OIDC. Wouldn't it be better to have this under `howto/anbox` similar to setting up `tls-for-appliance.md`?

Author: It is not mandatory, more an option to the installation. We can move to `howto/anbox` but it feels more like something we want to highlight as an installation option.

Author: Also `tls-for-appliance.md` is currently written more as a post-install topic.

Reviewer: Okay, we can keep it here now. I will take another look at the TLS topic and see if we can group topics related to installation together. I do see a concern that keeping things under "Manage Anbox Cloud" could be a bit unintuitive for things that can be done during installation.

# How to enable custom identity provider support

The Anbox Cloud Appliance has support for custom identity providers for authentication through the use of [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/developers/discover-openid-and-openid-connect/).

> Support for a custom identity provider has to be enabled at initialisation time by using a preseed configuration. See {ref}`ref-appliance-preseed-config` for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for a custom identity provider has to be enabled at initialisation by using a preseed configuration. See {ref}`ref-appliance-preseed-config` for more details.
```

> Anbox Cloud uses the [Authorisation code flow](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#CodeFlowAuth) to obtain an identity token. No access token is being requested as authorisation is handled within the Anbox Cloud services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anbox Cloud uses the [authorisation code flow](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-core-1_0.html#CodeFlowAuth) to obtain an identity token. No access token is requested in this flow because authorisation is handled within the Anbox Cloud services.
```

> In order to allow discovery of the different necessary endpoints on the identity provider, it must support the [OpenID Connect Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to allow discovery of the necessary endpoints on the identity provider, it must support the [OpenID Connect Discovery](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html) protocol.
```

The following will show you how to configure an [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/developers/discover-openid-and-openid-connect/) based identity provider for the Anbox Cloud Appliance.

## Preparation

In order to configure [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/developers/discover-openid-and-openid-connect/) based authentication, you will need the following from your identity provider:

* The issuer URL
* The client ID

> * (optional) The audience URL, required by some providers (e.g. [Auth0](https://auth0.com))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (Optional) The audience URL, required by some providers. For example, [Auth0](https://auth0.com)
```

The identity provider is expected to provide the JSON Web Key Set endpoint on `<issuer URL>/.well-known/jwks.json`.

> Your identity provider must have `https://<appliance address or DNS name>/oidc/callback` configured as allowed redirect/callback URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your identity provider must have `https://<appliance address or <DNS name>/oidc/callback` configured as allowed redirect/callback URL.
```

## Configure OpenID Connect

> Currently it is only possible to configure support for OpenID Connect when the Anbox Cloud Appliance is being initialised with a preseed (see {ref}`ref-appliance-preseed-config`). The other steps to install the Anbox Cloud Appliance as described in {ref}`tut-installing-appliance` remain the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is only possible to configure support for OpenID Connect only when the Anbox Cloud Appliance is being initialised with a preseed (see {ref}`ref-appliance-preseed-config`). The other steps to install the Anbox Cloud Appliance as described in {ref}`tut-installing-appliance` remain the same.
```

The issuer URL, client ID and optional audience URL are set in the preseed configuration as follows:

```yaml
$ cat preseed.yaml
....
oidc:
  issuer: https://my.auth.com
  client_id: aff32f32ffwfsdfdsfdsg
  # Only if your identity provider requires it
  audience: https://my.auth.com/api/v2
```

> With the preseed configuration you can initiate the initialisation process by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the preseed configuration you can initiate the initialisation process by running:
```

    sudo anbox-cloud-appliance init --preseed < preseed.yaml

> Once the initialisation has been completed, you can register a new user by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the initialisation has been completed, you can register a new user by running:
```

    sudo anbox-cloud-appliance dashboard register <email address>

> Once the user has been registered by following the printed URL and authenticated with your identity provider access is granted to the web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the user has been registered by following the printed URL and authenticated with your identity provider, access is granted to the web UI.
```
